FormEngine chapter Cleanup (#2903)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-CoreApi: Documentation/ApiOverview/FormEngine/Rendering/Index.rst

can be fully adapted and extended if needed. It is possible to transparently "kick-out" a Core container and to
substitute it with an own implementation.

> For example, the TemplaVoila implementation needs to add additional render capabilities of the flex form rendering

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, the TemplaVoila implementation needs to add additional render capabilities of the FlexForm rendering
```

    A couple of TCA fields actively use this renderType. However, it is important to understand the renderType is *only*
    used within the FormEngine and :php:`type` is still a must-have setting for columns fields in TCA. Additionally,
    :php:`type` can *not* be overridden in :php:`columnsOverrides`. Basically, :php:`type` specifies how the DataHandler
    should put data into the database, while :php:`renderType` specifies how a single field is rendered. This additionally
    means there can exist multiple different renderTypes for a single type, and it means it is possible to invent a new
    renderType to render a single field differently, but still let the DataHandler persist it the usual way.

Adding a new renderType in :file:`ext_localconf.php`

..  literalinclude:: _ext_localconf.php
    :language: php
    :caption: EXT:my_extension/ext_localconf.php

And use it in TCA for a specific field, keeping the full database functionality in DataHandler together with the
data preparation of FormDataCompiler, but just routing the rendering of that field to the new element:

..  literalinclude:: _tx_cooltagcloud.php
    :language: php

>     :caption: EXT:cool_tag_cloud/Configuration/TCA/overrides/tx_cooltagcloud.php

Reviewer: What is cool_tag_cloud? The extension does not exist on TER? I am fine with adjusting it in a separate PR.

editing in his user settings, then the resolvers return their own :php:`RichTextElement` class names to render a given text
field:

..  literalinclude:: _ext_localconf_rte.php
    :language: php
    :caption: EXT:my_extension/ext_localconf.php

> The trick here is that "ckeditor" registers his resolver with ah higher priority (50) than "rtehtmlarea" (40), so the

Reviewer: No change and no response. Have you overlooked it?
